README.md, before:

# Homework-Challenge-05-Iliyaas-Day-Planner
A simple web application for managing daily events or tasks. The application uses JavaScript and jQuery, along with Day.js library for handling date and time operations.


## Features

* Display of the current date. 
* Dynamic coloring of time slots based on past, present, and future hours.
* Storage of events for each time slot using 'localStorage'.
* User-friendly interface with save buttons for each time slot.


## Links and Images

Link to the GitHub repo for this project:
https://github.com/GrandNagusZek/Homework-Challenge-05-Iliyaas-Day-Planner.git

Link to live application: 


## Usage

* View the current date at the top of the page.
* Each time slot is color coded based on whether it's in the past, present, or future.
* Enter your daily events or tasks in the corresponding text areas.
* Click the save button next to each time slot to save your events.

## Contributions

As usual majority of contributions to this project was my boot camp instructor Phil Loy. For without his guidance to learn and understand these languages adn frameworks this project would not have been completed.

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

added daily planner screenshot to README

README.md, after:

# Homework-Challenge-05-Iliyaas-Day-Planner
A simple web application for managing daily events or tasks. The application uses JavaScript and jQuery, along with Day.js library for handling date and time operations.


## Features

* Display of the current date. 
* Dynamic coloring of time slots based on past, present, and future hours.
* Storage of events for each time slot using 'localStorage'.
* User-friendly interface with save buttons for each time slot.


## Links and Images

Link to the GitHub repo for this project:
https://github.com/GrandNagusZek/Homework-Challenge-05-Iliyaas-Day-Planner.git

Link to live application: 

https://grandnaguszek.github.io/Homework-Challenge-05-Iliyaas-Day-Planner/

Screenshot of application:

![Screenshot of Daily Planner application](./assets/Daily%20Planner%20Screenshot.png)



## Usage

* View the current date at the top of the page.
* Each time slot is color coded based on whether it's in the past, present, or future.
* Enter your daily events or tasks in the corresponding text areas.
* Click the save button next to each time slot to save your events.

## Contributions

As usual majority of contributions to this project was my boot camp instructor Phil Loy. For without his guidance to learn and understand these languages adn frameworks this project would not have been completed.

## License

MIT License
